README.md, before:

# My Personal Project

My personal project will be an "online" banking system software. This will give the user the ability to
first create an account/multiple accounts and to access said accounts. While accessing the account, the 
user will have the option to deposit money, withdraw money and potentially gamble their life savings away :)
via an integrated mini-game of chance which is connected to their account balance (if I have enough time 
and is reasonably in scope for difficulty and time for CPSC 210). Not too sure of who will use this, but if 
I ever decide to open a bank, I could use this application as a starting basis. The reason of why I am 
choosing to make a banking application is mainly because I couldn't think of anything cooler to do and I am
running out of time to choose something for the project, but also because when I started coding, I tried to 
make the same thing, but failed miserably because I didn't understand basic coding concepts O_o. In also want to
try and implement some real-life algorithms myself (such as ***Luhns Algorithm***)

## Possible additions:
- Credit score system based off of income and timely payments
- Ability to open up credit accounts => Would implement Luhns Algorithm as validity checker
- Ability to open up mortgage based on credit score
- Move money between accounts
- Mini stock market. Stock prices would go up or down based on randomness (I feel like this might be too ambitious)
 

## User Stories
As a user, I want to be able to be able to create multiple bank accounts

As an admin, I want to be able to view all created accounts

As a user, I want to be able to have my account be password/pin protected

As a user, I want to be able to deposit and withdraw money from my account

As a user, I want to be able to close/delete a bank account

As a user, I want to be able to save my account

As a user, I want to be able to load my account

All JSON related code is from: https://github.students.cs.ubc.ca/CPSC210/JsonSerializationDemo <br>
GUI was made referencing: https://github.students.cs.ubc.ca/CPSC210/SimpleDrawingPlayer-Complete

Commit message:

Added required text to README.md -- Added class level comments and REQUIRE/MODIFIES/EFFECTS comments to all classes. Only thing left to do id add persistence

README.md, after:

# My Personal Project

My personal project will be an "online" banking system software. This will give the user the ability to
first create an account/multiple accounts and to access said accounts. While accessing the account, the 
user will have the option to deposit money, withdraw money and potentially gamble their life savings away :)
via an integrated mini-game of chance which is connected to their account balance (if I have enough time 
and is reasonably in scope for difficulty and time for CPSC 210). Not too sure of who will use this, but if 
I ever decide to open a bank, I could use this application as a starting basis. The reason of why I am 
choosing to make a banking application is mainly because I couldn't think of anything cooler to do and I am
running out of time to choose something for the project, but also because when I started coding, I tried to 
make the same thing, but failed miserably because I didn't understand basic coding concepts O_o. In also want to
try and implement some real-life algorithms myself (such as ***Luhns Algorithm***)

## Possible additions:
- Credit score system based off of income and timely payments
- Ability to open up credit accounts => Would implement Luhns Algorithm as validity checker
- Ability to open up mortgage based on credit score
- Move money between accounts
- Mini stock market. Stock prices would go up or down based on randomness (I feel like this might be too ambitious)
 

## User Stories
As a user, I want to be able to be able to create multiple bank accounts

As an admin, I want to be able to view all created accounts

As a user, I want to be able to have my account be password/pin protected

As a user, I want to be able to deposit and withdraw money from my account

As a user, I want to be able to close/delete a bank account

As a user, I want to be able to save my account

As a user, I want to be able to load my account

## Instructions for Grader
- To generate a Bank Account (X) click on the <b>Create Account</b> button in the main menu. This will add a new Bank 
Account (X) to an Account List (Y) accessible via an admin password.

- To generate the second required event, click any of the buttons given after you created you account. For example, you 
can deposit money, withdraw money, delete your account etc.
s
- When you run the application, you will see a giant picture of Lebron James as the background. This is my visual component

- To save the state of the application to file, click the <b>Log out</b> button. This will save your data 

- To load the state of the application from file, click the <b>Load Accounts</b> button that is in the main menu

All JSON related code is from: https://github.students.cs.ubc.ca/CPSC210/JsonSerializationDemo <br>
GUI was made referencing: https://github.students.cs.ubc.ca/CPSC210/SimpleDrawingPlayer-Complete
